i will maintain the confidence
and preserve in violet the secrets of my
client
i will maintain the confidence and
preserving violet
the secrets of my client mitch
the letter you got from bendini lambert
lock was the only one sent out
we want you do you have a an offer in
mind
it includes a bonus schedule and we'd
lease you in your mercedes
plus a low-interest mortgage as in home
with grasshoma and a two-car garage
these are nice people abby
okay i'm more impressed with it than you
are you grew up with it did you ever
think i'd make a six-figure salary
absolutely since we deal primarily in
tax insecurities our clients are very
wealthy
we keep each other's secrets i don't
want anyone with family money
i'm not sure i fall they want you lean
and hungry if all your money comes from
one source then you tend to be very
loyal to that source
party kasinsky and joe hodges were
killed there was some kind of explosion
on the boat
kaye was scared did you know the men who
died
yes you must be overwhelmed with grief
people grieve in different ways miss
mcdear you think i'm talking about
breaking the law
no i'm just trying to figure out how far
you want in bed as far as you can
without breaking it
that firm looks like a health hazard
that's four dead lawyers
none of them over the age of 45. where
are you guys
the fbi wouldn't come after you if they
didn't think they'd get to you now what
do you think made them think that
i have no idea well they might know how
important your young wife is to you
anything's possible i'll tell you one
thing if those guys at the stake joint
were feds
you better watch out for them we might
be misreading mcdeer
you've got nothing to be suspicious
about i get paid to be suspicious when i
got nothing to be suspicious about
why are you asking questions about dead
lawyers
what dead lawyers i know you'll do your
best to protect the firm
won't you mention we have faith that
you're going to be with us for a long
long time mitch the fact is
nobody has ever left us
nobody
[Music]
you